= tendersync

This is still a work in progress.  

* http://github.com/newrelic/tendersync

All due regards, credit, thanks, etc., to the ENTP team for a great tool.

Authors: Markus Roberts and Bill Kayser

== DESCRIPTION:

A utility that allows you to push/pull documents from the Tender /faq section so you can
manage the source in a local repository.  Intended especially for use with git.

== FEATURES:

* Enumerate the sections in a Tender app
* Pull documents from a Tender app, section by section
* Manage document meta-data, like keywords, in headers
* Push changed versions to the server

== TODO:

* Gemspec
* Build a table of contents automatically from one or more sections (wip)

== SYNOPSIS:

Create a working directory where you want to store the tender docs in a hierarchy
and run tendersync from there.

    tendersync -h

== REQUIREMENTS:

* mechanize

others? 

== INSTALL:

sudo gem install ...

== LICENSE:

Copyright (c) 2009 New Relic, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
